Provide migration tool to fix incorrect keys in t_entities (#1721)
hashgraph/hedera-mirror-node: hedera-mirror-rest/entity-info-updater/README.md

# Hedera Mirror Entity Info Updater

> The Mirror Node Entity Info Updater provides the ability to verify if a list of entities present in the mirror db are correct and update them if they don't match the up to date network vlaues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mirror Node Entity Info Updater provides the ability to verify if a list of entities present in the mirror db are correct and update them if they don't match the up-to-date network values.
```

Author: Fixed

Author: Fixed

A node based CLI tool `entity-info-updater` is provided here to showcase the steps necessary to independently update stale entities.

## Logic
The CLI takes the following steps

1. Attempts to read a csv of entity ids at the `hedera.mirror.entityUpdate.filePath` value provided in the `application.yml`

> 2. For each entity it pulls entity info from the mirror db (using a pg connection) and the network (using the js-sdk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Pulls entity info for each entity from the mirror db (using a pg connection) and the network (using the js-sdk)
```

Author: Fixed

> 3. For each entity it compares multiple value from the db entity to verify if they match the network values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Compares each entity's db values to its network values to verify if they are equal.
```

Author: Updated

>     If there's a mismatch a new entity object based on teh db copy but with values updated from network is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there's a mismatch, a new entity object based on the db copy but with values updated from the network is returned.
```

Author: Updated

>     If no mismatch the entity is skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If there is no mismatch, the entity is skipped.
```

Author: Updated

> 4. For each entity in the list of entities to update the tool update the db with the new values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Updates each entity returned in step 3 in the db.
```

Author: Updated

## Requirements
To run the CLI you must
1. Install the node application
2. Configure the `hedera.mirror.entityUpdate` values in the `application.yml` to point to your desired mirror db and Hedera network.

### Install CLI
The node based CLI tool `entity-info-updater` can be installed as follows
1. Ensure you've installed [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/about/)
2. Navigate to the `hedera-mirror-rest/entity-info-updater` directory
3. (Optional) Npm install the tool -  `npm install -g .`

To verify correct installation simply run `entity-info-updater --help` or `npm start -- --help` to show usage instructions.

> ## Run Check-State-Proof CLI

Reviewer: Copy paste error?

Author: Haha yeah, fixed

> From command line run

Author: Will add

> From command line run

Author: Updated

`npm start`

or

`entity-info-updater`

### Environment
The tool can be run against a public environment with the following configuration

```yaml
hedera:
  mirror:
    entityUpdate:
      ...
      sdkClient:
        network: <MAINNET|TESTNET|PREVIEWNET|OTHER>
        nodeAddress: <nodeAddress>
        nodeId: <nodeId>
        operatorId: <operatorId>
        operatorKey: <operatorKey>
```

### Custom DB Endpoint Case

> The tool can be run against any DB host and database as long as it's reachable. To achieve this configure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool can be run against any DB host and database as long as it's reachable. To achieve this configure the following
```

Author: Update
